Docs 11761 v24function doc prep duke (#35)
mulesoft/docs-dataweave: modules/ROOT/pages/dataweave-functions.adoc

Also, the function specifies a constraint for the result to be of type `String`. This return type constraint does not affect the function call; rather, this constraint applies to the function code to validate that the function generates a result of the defined type.

> You can find more details about the DataWeave type system in https://docs.mulesoft.com/dataweave/4.3/dataweave-type-system.

Author: ```suggestion
You can find more details about the DataWeave type system in https://docs.mulesoft.com/dataweave/latest/dataweave-type-system.
```
